chore: update reqwest to 0.13 (#669)
tag1consulting/goose: CHANGELOG.md

 - [#629](https://github.com/tag1consulting/goose/pull/629) add `--pdf-print-html` option to generate printer-friendly HTML optimized for PDF conversion; provides two-step PDF workflow without requiring Chromium dependencies; add `--pdf-timeout` option for configurable Chrome timeout in direct PDF generation (10-300s, default: 60)
 - [#663](https://github.com/tag1consulting/goose/pull/663) add response time breakdowns grouped by HTTP status code in CLI and HTML/markdown reports; breakdowns only appear when a request returns multiple different status codes
 - [#657](https://github.com/tag1consulting/goose/pull/657) add comprehensive Basic Authentication example demonstrating three approaches: custom client with default headers (recommended), helper function per-request, and manual per-request; includes flexible credential configuration and complete documentation

>  - [#669](https://github.com/tag1consulting/goose/pull/669) updates reqwest to 0.13. This **changes the default TLS implementation to rustls** with HTTP/2 + post-quantum cryptography support advertised to the server by default.

Reviewer: Minor: other entries in this section use imperative mood ("add ...") — this should be "update" rather than "updates" for consistency.

I'd also suggest tightening this up a bit, something like:

```suggestion
 - [#669](https://github.com/tag1consulting/goose/pull/669) update reqwest to 0.13, switching the default TLS backend from native-tls to rustls. HTTP/2 and post-quantum cryptography are now advertised by default, which may increase connection handshake overhead when a computationally expensive cipher suite is negotiated.
```

>    **Behavioral change**: `native-tls` features like certificate validation against a custom system CA store will be disabled and `--accept-invalid-certs` available. It also might increase the connection handshake overhead compared to goose 0.18 when a newly available computationally expensive cipher suite is negotiated.

Reviewer: This sentence is hard to parse — "will be disabled and `--accept-invalid-certs` available" reads as though both are being disabled. Consider something like:

```suggestion
   **Breaking changes**: Certificate validation now uses bundled rustls/webpki roots instead of the OS-native certificate store, which may affect environments with custom system CAs. `--accept-invalid-certs` now works unconditionally (previously it was silently ignored unless the `rustls-tls` feature was enabled).
```
